Security is one of those things that everyone talks about being important.
We all know that security is important.
Right.
I mean we've had security breaches where users passwords or leaked databases are compromised and hackers
attack Web sites pretty much every day.
Companies from Linked-In Yahoo Equifax and many many many more are attacked by hackers and bad actors.
We know we should have good security with our applications.
But what does that mean.
Nobody really tells you this.
Do they this section will cover this very important topic.
That is security.
But let's talk about the big elephant in the room.
Security is kind of like playing defense in soccer if you're in North America or football if you're
everywhere else in the world.
Now for those that don't play soccer or football.
Please forgive me.
But security is like a defenseman in soccer.
Your job is really important as you have to defend the opponent from scoring on you but you never get
the glory that a striker or a forward does who scores goals for your team.
You only wish you had good security after you get hacked.
You don't see the benefits of security until after you lose money because when you increase something
like performance of a website you can immediately see it.
Your boss loves you.
We've improved the performance of Keiko Corp and Bruno loves us.
But if you build a secure application Well nothing happens because that's the goal you are trying to
create something that is stable secure and won't cause major issues in the future.
But it is hard for people to see the value in it especially for those just looking at company growth.
You see senior developers know this.
They know that they get hired to make good decisions on projects and to keep it stable to keep it running.
They can be trusted to add security best practices to their apps without being told because they keep
everything nice and smooth and running.
When they build projects their projects doesn't blow up with huge issues or cause massive financial
loss or loss in customer trust.
They can be trusted to build applications that just keep on running.
And as developers we also have a responsibility to build these applications securely because it isn't
just a company that may be affected.
It could be its customers and many other people involved.
So with this section we're going to talk about a topic that you can write numerous books on.
Security is an ever evolving field as there are always people finding new and ingenious ways to attack
a system.
Now as we do with everything in the scores we're going to work efficiently What are the 80 percent of
the issues that we can solve and security and be way ahead of the competition.
Because you will never be 100 percent secure no program ever is.
However we can make our applications resistant to most attacks quite easily by following some great
guidelines.
Are you excited.
I'll see inside the section.
Let's get started.